Five years ago, I would have
Sorry about work, I have to pick it up
It's been 5 years and it's time to open up the misunderstanding
Mr. Hou found out that Lin Chenxi had your life 5 years ago
Threatening Miss Ji to leave
Otherwise, we won't operate on you.
Miss Ji went away with a little girl for you
In order to treat the little lady all these years
Miss Ji can only work around
How about 10 million?
Lin Chenxi has already designed it
Find someone to cheat the season to gamble
It's already lost
And the damage of the season is also done by Lin Chenxi
Lin Chenxi
Mr. Huo is glad to be gone
Pardon me?
Hurry up
We've checked the surveillance.